so I want to make an adaptive component
that is going to be my glass panel and
what I'm going to do is fail give me
four points 1 stars on reference level 2
3 4 I'm just proximate in the shape you
I'm gonna turn these into adaptive
points by selecting them and clicking on
you make adaptive and now I'm going to
connect them up so I'm going to draw a
reference line and I've got my 3ds
snapping on so I want to make sure that
when I draw this these are connected so
what I'm going to do is flex it you know
if I grab it and move it make sure it
flexes if I grab it move it making sure
it flexes okay let me just put our point
on here to drop some geometry so I'm
going to do is select the plane but I'm
drafting on then I'm going to come in
and draw some geometry on the plane here
it's just drafted as something kind of
approximate let's do
so it comes in two and it's about 29
inches deep and then what I'm going to
do is I'm going to say lets you move
that let's move it from mid point they
are down to other pointers ok I'm ready
to to do a sweep so I'm going to pick on
the for reference planes reference lines
and then ctrl and select the actual
profile and say create me a form and
that would be the outline of my glass
panel let me just check again it's call
me cynical just want to make sure that
all the connections are actually there
then the last thing I want to do is I'm
going to pick on the for the for
reference lines and make a farm that is
going to be flat but i'm going to use
for my blast material so if I pick that
I can come in here and say let's use
glass I can't see this but I'm going to
use the tab key which i know it takes me
down to ok and then press enter and then
I can see there that I actually took
that and said oops I didn't take it see
anything let's go up to class
tab tab enter maybe they got at that
time so there's my glass material so I'm
going to save this and I'm going to call
it adaptive component glass panel and
save that out with this the older